Instructions to make your own game and add it to the typing program:

First things first, you shouldn't do your development inside the typing program for two reasons:
    1: It takes forever to get to your game while debugging
    2: If there is a syntax or import error in your code, none of the games will work

I would recommend making your own kivy app to put your screen in and fixing the imports later


Notes:

    When making a class, you can define class variables without putting them in the __init__() function
    The syntax looks like this

    class MyClass():

        x = 6

        def prtx(self):
            print(self.x)


    Best practice when making kivy screens and layouts is not to overwrite the __init__() class method
    When inheriting from kivy screens and layout objects, their __init__ function is used by default if you do not
        provide a replacement one


Here are the rules for your game:

1: File tree:

When building your game, everything your game requires must go into one folder labeled whatever you
want your game named.  That way, your code stays organized.

Also, you must have your root kivy game screen defined as a class called: {Your game here}Screen

We use screens in the typing program to switch between different programs.  Your game will be a screen object
that is added to a screenmanager object.


2: Stuff I give you:

When I initialize your game, I put your screen into a screenmanager.  This allows you to easily record your results
and switch away from your game when you need to by calling the methods included in this manager.


3: Stuff you can do

By letting you access the manager object, I allow you to simply record results and switch away from your window

Whenever you want to switch away, just call self.manager.leave_me()

This will send the user back to the games menu

This does not close your window, and upon re-entry, everything will be as you left it

I leave the resetting up to you


You also don't have to worry about dealing with our results file tree.

When it is time to record results, just call self.manager.record_results()

This takes a few parameters, looking like this:
manager.record_results(
    Name of Game as string,
    Score of game as number,
    Time spent playing game as number in seconds)

You are required to keep track of how long your game was played.


4: Importing

When all is said and done, you need to change all your imports

To import anything in your file, you need to go through Games.Your Game

Example:
    from Games.Zerg_Rush.Modules import MyModule

To access any file, you need to go through Games/Your Game

Example:
    open('Games/Zerg_Rush/MyFile.txt')


5: Adding your game

The last step is to add your screen to the rest of the typing program.

To do this, you need to edit two files:

    The first file to edit is the python file: "Games/Games_Menu.py"

          - Under the "# import games here" note, import your game.
              - Example: "import Games.Zerg_Rush.Zerg_Rush"
          - This makes sure your code is loaded and attaches to the kv language you will add in the next step

    The second file to edit is the kv file: "Games/Games_Menu.kv"

          - Under the "<GamesMenuManager>" tag, make 2 lines for your program.
          - The first line will be the name of your game screen followed by a colon
              - Example: "ZergRushScreen:"
          - The second line will be a name tag followed by the name you give to your game screen in quotes
              - Example: "name: 'Zerg Rush'"

          - Under the "<GameGrid@Layout>" tag after all other games, replace one of the label objects with 4 new lines
          - The first line will create a game layout for your game using the syntax "GameLayout:"
          - The second line will help pass the manager to your game using the syntax "manager: root.manager"
          - The third line determines the string on the button for your game on the game selector screen
              - Example: "game_name: 'Zerg Rush'"
          - The fourth line determines the description string next to your game on the game selector screen
              - Example: "game_description: 'Delayed Death'"


That's it!  You're done!


Notes:

If you are having errors with ids in kivy, try to define your ids as global

TechWithTim.net has awesome kivy tutorials in which he shows you how to do that

Happy Coding!