What is word processing?  Is it a novel concept?  Is it difficult?  The answer to the last two queries is "no."  Ever since humans began to convey their ideas in writing, we have been processing words.  In its simplest form, word processing is nothing more than forming a record of ideas.  The function of word processing is not new to business or other enterprises because office workers have been processing words for many years.  Thousands of people have proven that it is not a hard job.  Some people believe that the pencil is the ultimate word processor.  It is easy to move from place to place, it can produce documents in any language, it can be fixed easily if it breaks, and it needs only human energy to make it work.  Writing by hand, unfortunately, is very slow, often difficult to understand, and very expensive in terms of time when it is used to produce business documents.  Until the invention of the typewriter, though, all documents in an office were processed by hand.  The typewriter was hailed as the "amazing writing machine," and it did improve the speed and quality of work in the office.  Unfortunately, even this machine was too slow to keep up with the huge increase in data.  This led to the birth of modern word processing, which is now a vital part of information processing.  What is word processing?  It is simply a system of producing documents of all types at higher speeds, lower costs, and with less effort by the use of electronic equipment.  What is word processing?  Is it a novel concept?  Is it difficult?  The answer to the last two queries is "no."  Ever since humans began to convey their ideas in writing, we have been processing words.  In its simplest form, word processing is nothing more than forming a record of ideas.  The function of word processing is not new to business or other enterprises because office workers have been processing words for many years.  Thousands of people have proven that it is not a hard job.  Some people believe that the pencil is the ultimate word processor.