As our society grows in size and complexity, there is a great need for information or data on which to base decisions.  Many experts say we are in the midst of an "information explosion" which will play a very important role in the way we live and work.  A wave of new electronic equipment has given us new tools to produce, process, store, retrieve, and utilize information so that work can be done better and faster.  One of the vital steps in this process, of course, is communication.  The value of office employees is rated, in large measures, on the basis of their communication skills.  The number of positions for those who can operate a keyboard continues to grow, but the demand is for those who can take the ideas of others and express them correctly.  Many accountants are in great demand, but they must be able to do more than just enter figures in a column; they must be able to interpret clearly and concisely the meaning of figures on a spreadsheet.  Business places a premium on individuals who are adept in the use of language.  People who are well trained to work in an office can earn good salaries, but those who have also developed the talent to express ideas quickly and concisely will gain success more rapidly.  If you have developed a high skill in communication, there is no doubt that you will find your skill rewarded in terms of better pay.  If you excel in communication, you can expect a better job in your future.  As our society grows in size and complexity, there is a great need for information-data on which to base decisions.  Many experts say we are in the midst of an "information explosion" which will play a very important role in the way we live and work.  A wave of new electronic equipment has given us new tools to produce, process, store, retrieve, and utilize information so that work can be done better and faster.  One of the vital steps in this process, of course, is communication.  The value of office employees is rated, in large measures, on the basis of their communication skills.