Colossians 3:13-14  Bear with each other, forgiving whatever grievances you may have against one another.  Forgive as the Lord forgave you.  And over all these virtues put on love which binds them all together in perfect unity.  Jeremiah 29:11  For I know the plans that I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.  Hebrews 11:1  Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.  Philippians 2:3-4  Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit, but in humility consider others better than yourselves.  Each of you should not look only to your own interests, but also to the interests of others.  Proverbs 3:5-6  Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him and he will make your paths straight.  1 Peter 5:8  Be self-controlled and alert.  Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour.  Luke 10:27  He answered:  "Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind and love your neighbor as yourself."  Colossians 3:13-14  Bear with each other, forgiving whatever grievances you may have against one another.  Forgive as the Lord forgave you.  And over all these virtues put on love which binds them all together in perfect unity.  Jeremiah 29:11  For I know the plans that I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.  Hebrews 11:1  Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.  Philippians 2:3-4  Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit, but in humility consider others better than yourselves.  Each of you should not look only to your own interests, but also to the interests of others.  Proverbs 3:5-6  Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge him and he will make your paths straight.  1 Peter 5:8  Be self-controlled and alert.  Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour.  Luke 10:27  He answered:  "Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind and love your neighbor as yourself."