The question that may be and often is asked by some persons is this:  What is a computer?  A computer is merely a piece of equipment, much like an electronic typewriter only much more complicated.  The heart of the computer is the microchip, or what is known as the central processing unit.  Computers are designed and programmed to process data at high speed.  With special software programs, the computer can be converted to a word processor so that it can be used for the preparation of written documents.  The basic parts of a computer system are the keyboard, the central processing unit, the display unit, and the printer.  Computers can be programmed to do almost any kind of a job.  At the present time, there are as many as fifty or more different programming languages.  Languages are used to change the English-like orders of a programmer into the binary symbols-ones and zeros-which can be understood by the central processing unit of the computer.  BASIC is one of the common programming languages.  It has many benefits.  It is very easy to learn and to use because its English-like commands and organization are flexible and easy to remember.  During your life, you will probably learn to use many different computer languages.  It will be an exciting adventure for you.  The question that may be and often is asked by some persons is this:  What is a computer?  A computer is merely a piece of equipment, much like an electronic typewriter only much more complicated.  The heart of the computer is the microchip, or what is known as the central processing unit.  Computers are designed and programmed to process data at high speed.  With special software programs, the computer can be converted to a word processor so that it can be used for the preparation of written documents.  The basic parts of a computer system are the keyboard, the central processing unit, the display unit, and the printer.  Computers can be programmed to do almost any kind of a job.  At the present time, there are as many as fifty or more different programming languages.  Languages are used to change the English-like orders of a programmer into the binary symbols-ones and zeros-which can be understood by the central processing unit of the computer.  BASIC is one of the common programming languages.  It has many benefits.  It is very easy to learn and to use because its English-like commands and organization are flexible and easy to remember.  During your life, you will probably learn to use many different computer languages.  It will be an exciting adventure for you.