One of the key advances in computer technology during the last thirty years has been the growth of small computers, which are versatile, reliable, and quite easy to use.  Known as microprocessors, these computers on a chip of silicon no larger than the tip of a finger are the heart of microcomputers.  They can process, store, retrieve, and pass on millions of pieces of information.  Such computers making low-cost computer power available in the home, in the business office, and in our schools.  As has often been said, they are an idea whose time has come.  Expectations for the uses of the microcomputer are almost without end.  Microcomputers in cars have the jobs of checking mechanical functions as well as the speed.  The high speed of the computer along with the ability of the computer for pattern recognition has made possible talking as well as speech recognition machines.  Also, machines that read books aloud are now in wide use the visually handicapped.  Many new changes have come about in the field of medicine, and you should realize the effect that the microcomputer has had and will have in the future on your life as well as on the lives of others.  One of the key advances in computer technology during the last thirty years has been the growth of small computers, which are versatile, reliable, and quite easy to use.  Known as microprocessors, these computers on a chip of silicon no larger than the tip of a finger are the heart of microcomputers.  They can process, store, retrieve, and pass on millions of pieces of information.  Such computers making low-cost computer power available in the home, in the business office, and in our schools.  As has often been said, they are an idea whose time has come.  Expectations for the uses of the microcomputer are almost without end.  Microcomputers in cars have the jobs of checking mechanical functions as well as the speed.  The high speed of the computer along with the ability of the computer for pattern recognition has made possible talking as well as speech recognition machines.  Also, machines that read books aloud are now in wide use the visually handicapped.  Many new changes have come about in the field of medicine, and you should realize the effect that the microcomputer has had and will have in the future on your life as well as on the lives of others.