Just what does it mean to be young and when is a person young?  To be young is perhaps a feeling or disposition, a particular manner of looking at things and responding to them.  To be young is never a chronological period or time of life, although it might be a young person examining some material with fascination and pleasure or the composer Verdi in his eighties writing his best opera.  To be young might be a person "hanging ten" on a surfboard or swinging to a musical composition.  To be young might be Einstein in his seventies still working with his field theory, sailing his boat, or playing his cherished fiddle.  To be young is never the monopoly of youth.  It flourishes everywhere visionaries have stimulated our thinking or amazed us.  To be young in nature is quite desirable whether you are a young person, a middle-aged person, or a chronologically old person.  To be young, should be respected whether the beard is soft and curly or firm and gray.  To be young has no color; it seems always translucent with its own imaginative light.  There is no generation space between the young of any age because they see things as they ought to be.  Just what does it mean to be young and when is a person young?  To be young is perhaps a feeling or disposition, a particular manner of looking at things and responding to them.  To be young is never a chronological period or time of life, although it might be a young person examining some material with fascination and pleasure or the composer Verdi in his eighties writing his best opera.  To be young might be a person "hanging ten" on a surfboard or swinging to a musical composition.  To be young might be Einstein in his seventies still working with his field theory, sailing his boat, or playing his cherished fiddle.  To be young is never the monopoly of youth.  It flourishes everywhere visionaries have stimulated our thinking or amazed us.  To be young in nature is quite desirable whether you are a young person, a middle-aged person, or a chronologically old person.  To be young, should be respected whether the beard is soft and curly or firm and gray.  To be young has no color; it seems always translucent with its own imaginative light.  There is no generation space between the young of any age because they see things as they ought to be.