Economic development planning in our country has become big business in recent years.  This is due to the problem of high unemployment in nearly every area of our nation.  Government agencies at national, state, and local levels are quite involved in studying the vast problems linked to our growing economy.  They, along with groups in industry, find it useful and necessary to forecast where jobs in the future likely will be.  Predicting new jobs is not easy to do, but the data is needed to seek out stable ways and means to foster a good healthy economy.  While it is good to have many agencies and organizations researching economic issues, some of the reports generated from these groups are in conflict.  Many of these reports are confusing to the reader.  It is not that the data are inaccurate.  Diverse groups tend not to stress the same facts when compiling study data.  On the other hand, there is agreement on the major ways a trend is predicted and how it will affect our nation.  Experts realize that our efforts must be centered on more than a single industry and that new jobs must be created in traditional fields.  Economic development planning in our country has become big business in recent years.  This is due to the problem of high unemployment in nearly every area of our nation.  Government agencies at national, state, and local levels are quite involved in studying the vast problems linked to our growing economy.  They, along with groups in industry, find it useful and necessary to forecast where jobs in the future likely will be.  Predicting new jobs is not easy to do, but the data is needed to seek out stable ways and means to foster a good healthy economy.  While it is good to have many agencies and organizations researching economic issues, some of the reports generated from these groups are in conflict.  Many of these reports are confusing to the reader.  It is not that the data are inaccurate.  Diverse groups tend not to stress the same facts when compiling study data.  On the other hand, there is agreement on the major ways a trend is predicted and how it will affect our nation.  Experts realize that our efforts must be centered on more than a single industry and that new jobs must be created in traditional fields.